
Do things that have never been done.- Russell A. Kirsch
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. - Muhammad Ali
The man who has no imagination has no wings. - Muhammad Ali
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. - Abraham Linclon
Be Sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. - Abraham Lincoln
Whatever you are, be a good one. - Abraham Lincoln
Modesty is part of faith. - Prophet Muhammad (S.A.W.W.)
Paradise lies at the feet of your mother. - Al-Quran
The real patience is at the first stroke of a calamity. - Prophet Muhammad (S.A.W.W.)
A person who makes few mistakes makes little progress.- Bryant McGill
The only true wisdom is knowing that you know nothing. - Socrates
If your ship doesnt come in, swim out to meet it! - Jonathan Winters
As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big. - Donald Trump
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.- Maya Angelou
Nothing will work unless you do. - Maya Angelou
Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings.- Jane Austen
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it. - Richard Bach
How do you defeat terrorism? Dont be terrorized. - Salman Rushdie
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone. - G. B. Stern
If oppurtunity doesn't knock, build a door - Milton Berle
We know what we are, but not know what we may be - William Shakespear
Try to be rainbow in someone's cloud - Maya Angelou
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see light - Aristotle
Believe you can and you are halfway there - Theodore Roosevelt
Change your thoughts and you can change the world - Norman Vincent
The measure of what we are and what we do with what we have - Vince Lombardi
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough - Og Mandino
Things do not happen, things are made to happen - John F. Kennedy
If you can dream it, you can do it - Walt Disney
In order to succeed, must first believe that we can, - Nikos Kazantazakis
With the new comes new strength and ew thoughts. Eleanor Roosevelt
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Lavenson
The secret of getting ahead is getting started - Mark Twain
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidlines. - Robert H. Schuller
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
There's a way to do it better - find it. - Thomas Edison
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remeber anything. - Mark Twain
Expect the best, prepare for the worst. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
Failure is a word unknown to me. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
Think 100 times before you take a decision, But once it is taken, stand by it as one man. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
The wings of the Falcon brings to the kings, the wing of crow brings him to the cemetery. - Allama M. Iqbal
The soul is neither inside nor outside the body; neither proximate to nor separate from it. - Allama M. Iqbal
The ultimate aim of ego is not to see something, but to be something. Muhammad Iqbal
Genius is always accompanied by enthusiasm. - Bryant McGill
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. - Winston Churchill
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill